peace
sometimes
ah
and now how can I become the
most powerful warrior that surpasses all
the limits there is nothing difficult there
occasions when you become
super saiyan you just have to do that
do it with all your energies
clear use all the forces of the super
sayayin that is the secret there is no no
I hope commented
and youngsters so inferior I was going to say
that I did not do it that close
yes
this is amazing
it's fascinating true dad
it's true I just saw it is something pajín
before
wonderful goian has surpassed all
levels yes it is true I did not imagine that
was so fabulous to the naked eye I do not know
see no change but I can feel a
great energy without you having
transformed into super sayayin the
transformation is not the most important thing
being super sayayin does not mean it
all
I'm really sorry, but I belong
to the other world and even if I wanted to go
may l
skies children as I would have liked
be when you became a child to
man
I think this will be the last time we
let's see, I'm glad you did not have to
come to the other world
bacon you will make pieces by machine yes
now go to fight
goodbye and thanks dad
i
here I leave you good luck yes sir
ulna I want to ask you something important
could you change these clothes please
I want it to look like the clothes that
Use my dad would be happy fighting with a
suit like I understand with a lot
taste
is perfect chemical I thank you
much
well I have to leave, we will be
praying for the warrior more
mighty of the universe get the
victory see you later and thank him
we both suffer callose more
and it is now